# Bookis Smuin
I've been writing Ruby code since 2008. I mainly focus on Rails application. Although I'm a well-rounded web developer, I prefer to work in the backend. I have experience using an enormous number of gems and tools. I use TDD/BDD and keep up with current best practices, technologies, and tools.

## Experience

### Luna Sandals - Founder, CEO
June 2010 - Present
  
I founded Luna Sandals with two partners. My contributions were all of the administrative, financial, and technical aspects. I've hired and manage 9 employees. I've taken on one small investor. I built http://lunasandals.com from the ground up using Ruby on Rails. Our web application has now taken well over 10,000 orders. Additional features include:

 - Order fulfillment and shipping
 - Order return/refunds 
 - i8n
 - Employee hour tracking
 - State tax export
 - Inventory
 - Affiliate program
 - Investor portal
 - Tons more
 
The site uses many external API's, such as:

 - Braintree
 - Mailchimp
 - Flickr
 - WA State department of Revenue
 - USPS
 - Fedex
 - UPS
   
### Hausenware - Software Engineer

Feb 2012 - June 2012

I created an administrative tool for Hausenware to manage communications, tasks, photos, and documents between ceramics factory across the world and Starbucks. This app was built using:

 - Rails 3.2
 - BDD
 - RSpec
 - CarrierWave
 - Heroku
 
### Stripes 39 - Software Engineer
I built a private online college search application. The application parses millions of points of data about colleges around the country. This data drives a front-end web search and static page generation

### Osten Interactive - Software Engineer
Made a couple applications, the most notable was a photo service API for an Adobe Air driven photo booth to be used at AT&T events.

